# Angular 2 Webpack Skeleton
This skeleton uses webpack as a build tool for a simple Angular 2 app. A lot of the boilerplate behind getting webpack set up is already configured. A node file server is also included - it serves the built files generated by webpack.

## npm scripts
These can be used after running `npm install`.

~~~
npm run build
~~~
This uses webpack to bundle the application code. It also utilizes webpack plugins to "uglify" the code. In the end, this will trim down the application code and its dependencies to a neat little package for the browser. The output of the build will be located in a dist folder at the root of the project.

~~~
npm start
~~~
This will run the node file server. It will serve the files generated by the build command. You can access the site at http://localhost:3000.

~~~
npm run start:dev
~~~
This will let you run the app in "development" mode utilizing [webpack-dev-server](https://webpack.github.io/docs/webpack-dev-server.html). The server will automatically restart and reflect the current state of the app as you make file changes.

~~~
npm run test:client
~~~
This will run all tests located in your client folder. Included is a basic spec (`/src/client/app/app.component.spec.ts`) that tests the app component.

## Environment variables
webpack can help you leverage environment variable inside your client code. At build time, webpack can pass on any environment variables to the generated javascript. See `/config/webpack.common.js` and `/src/app/config.ts`.
